what's up everybody welcome to Chris's
corner
today we're here at black box we're
gonna be interviewing mouse and db2
brothers from Oceanside both
skateboarders and artists we're all
inside here you know these dudes we
check it out
all right so we're here a black box with
Mouse talking him a little bit about his
art skating project canvas how
everything you know ties together and
what he's been up to lately
so you're you do still are to lose you
it lends itself to being able to pretty
much paint anything and yeah so your
stuff on anything no how do you find if
painting a pair of like canvas shoes it
is it easy is it hard I mean it's a
little bit more challenging
hey they pull it off with you have a dog
don't work you know again I guess it has
to everything has it become more of a
job do you know now that you actually
have you know set orders and you know I
don't think you actually have set hours
you have to work yeah they just give you
a number in a date like we need five
hundred sheets next week I'm really good
I just I mean even if I did or didn't
you know had talking I'd get that was
like I get kind of eventually whatever
stuff like this day to happen it being a
job and they're taking me away from Ikea
I don't know yeah yeah no but I still
like I'm like no that's gonna thank you
how do you come up with the content of
what you want to actually put in it out
there for sale because I mean it's
eclectic as hell you mean you've got you
know easy big II got the Indian I'm not
saying I come up with all these graphics
all the time I just tell everyone shoot
me ideas and then like all incorporated
will cooking yeah I'll just keep on
making it or someone's like I want this
like gravy one of the views and I had
one and like okay so I made it and then
they're living ones whatever it crosses
the whole yeah everybody couldn't have
something for everybody
how long does it take you to actually go
from the actual photo that you put in
the computer that you want to use and I
started out putting it to the actual cut
stencil ready to spray yeah that's not
nice few hours three hours so I I think
that's what's awesome about the two of
them is like you can paint for a while
and get sick of painting and then
she's been skating for a bit and then it
was done in the city and go paint either
one of them like the both creators yeah
oh boy same release out of the ones